my my my my my my my my shut up
mine for centuries mines have been a
nuisance to mankind this year a law
finally passed which has banned them
from performing in public since then
mines have tried to do other things and
failed miserably here are some examples
serial killer
escaping a building fire sandwiches wash
and get them out of here what are you
doing get them out of here you stupid
idiot bungee-jumping talking on the
phone hello
rosy as you guys things we need jack
bass mr. president
where should we drop the bombs
think he's saying the bomb Paris no I
think he said bomb the White House
brilliant plan sir the enemy will never
expect us to attack there yeah I'm going
as fast as I can
what the hell do you mean mime condom
thing I don't know what daddy could you
teach me about the birds and the bees I
still don't get it
oh yeah right there pervert foo taxi
driver takes a
I'm not getting in your imaginary car
and that's the story of how I met my
wife to see bloopers and see the mind
fail at taking a girl out on a date and
kidnapping click the link in the
description below I gotta catch it
reverse the face thanks for subscribing
I love you and I love my wife's
beautiful ears